# TheDuelOfWine
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14th| 7 :00PM The Admiral Twin Théâtre. Click on Our bio to get accès to tickets purchase for this and others #SLFF.org 2017 events. JOIN us for Meet and Greet at the Afterparty (more details to come) Sponsors :  Delta Air Lines (@delta), Araex, 4Culture, KUOW 94.9 (@kuow), The Stranger (@thestrangerseattle) and @city_arts_magazine .   #slff #slff2017 #Slatinoff #charliearturaola#musicmuseum#music #movie #movies#film #films #festival #filmfestival #actor#director #moviedirector #producer#redcarpet #event #events#cinematography #cinema #closingnight#charliearturaola #theduelofwine#elduelodelvino #wine #winelovers#sommerlier #vino #viñedos #vinos  To all wine lovers in Settle and in the world! It coul be you !  A movie lover? What about both, a movie wine lover? Raise your hand if you are related and don't miss the #SLFF.org Northwest Premiere and Closing Night film "THE DUEL OF THE WINE" with the famous Sommelier Charlie Arturaola (@charliewines) that will be in attendance. Comedy/Wine Director: Nicolás Carrera. Running Time: 1h 35 min. Italy 🇮🇹 Argentina 🇦🇷. 2016. Rating: PG-13 Spanish and English subtitles. The famous Sommelier Charlie Arturaola fell from grace after a momentary loss of his taste during the shooting of a movie. The image of "a Sommelier without palate" destroyed his career. After a few years, Charlie becomes a taxi driver, but he never gave up and he is dreaming to get his reward back.  When Charlie accidently gets to know the newcomer Italian sommelier, he will come with a crazy plan to try to get back into the wine world = into Live and  he wants also to be Happy again!   SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14th| 7:00PM The Admiral Twin Theatre. Click on our bio to get access to tickets purchase for this and others #SLFF.org 2017 events. JOIN us for Meet and Greet at the After-Party (more details to come) Sponsored by Delta Air Lines (@delta), Araex, Montebuena Rioja, 4Culture, KUOW 94.9 (@kuow), The Stranger (@thestrangerseattle) and @city_arts_magazine.     #slff #slff2017 #Slatinoff #charliearturaola#musicmuseum#music  #movie #movies #film #films #festival #filmfestival #actor #director #moviedirector #producer#redcarpet #event #events #cinematography #cinema #closingnight#charliearturaola #theduelofwine #elduelodelvino #wine #winelovers #sommerlier #vino #viñedos #vinos
